now we are near the second bush
the year of vegetation on the bush we have developed 5
ran for normal development to us
enough to leave and we run 4
grow 4 sleeves
what preference should be given to escape
We prefer to escape which
develop more below the bottom here
which develops from above just in
this case is not weaker than we remove
Now we left on the bush 4 escape
preference was escape he was given those
that grow with more than just not developed
from the lower ear with little eyes 4 win 4 into
future sleeves
after a heavy rain the ground in the pit we
loose to a depth of five to ten
centimeters
very important on chernozem on loam and
on heavy in the mini flock soil on the second
year at us we see naughty to left in
the size of the first year when we planted
grape well we had 25 centimeters
the first two years it persists in such
same sizes contribute to laying
lower main heel roots
scattered roots in this case we have
not observed and we have the opportunity
grow 4 escapes future sleeves knowing
then we will easily make them
sloping to ease our shelters
the next years task 2 years to grow
four strong escape and so they
summoned at length enough for
forming sleeves for this we remove
stepchildren during the summer and autumn either with
the second half of August do
potassium phosphate dressing for
to make a good return
in the second year allowed for 4 escape
leave one inflorescence to check
control grade